
1. Inner Join: Retrieve all the employees along with their corresponding managers from the Employee and Manager tables.
 Question: "Which employees are managed by whom?"
 
 SELECT Employee.emp_name, Manager.manager_name
 FROM Employee
 INNER JOIN Manager ON Employee.manager_id = Manager.manager_id;


2. Inner Join with Alias: Retrieve all the employees along with their corresponding managers from the Employee and Manager tables, using table aliases.

3. Inner Join with Filtering: Retrieve all the employees whose salary is higher than their respective manager's salary.

4. Left Join: Retrieve all the employees and their corresponding managers, including employees without a manager, from the Employee and Manager tables.

5. Left Join with Alias: Retrieve all the employees and their corresponding managers, including employees without a manager, from the Employee and Manager tables, using table aliases.

6. Left Join with Filtering: Retrieve all the employees who do not have a manager.

7. Right Join: Retrieve all the managers and their corresponding employees from the Employee and Manager tables, including managers without any employees.

8. Right Join with Alias: Retrieve all the managers and their corresponding employees from the Employee and Manager tables, including managers without any employees, using table aliases.

9. Right Join with Filtering: Retrieve all the employees who do not have any corresponding managers.

10. Full Outer Join: Retrieve all the employees and managers from the Employee and Manager tables, including those without matches in the other table.

11. Full Outer Join with Alias: Retrieve all the employees and managers from the Employee and Manager tables, including those without matches in the other table, using table aliases.

12. Full Outer Join with Filtering: Retrieve all the employees and managers who either have no corresponding match in the other table.

13. Cross Join: Retrieve all possible combinations of employees and managers from the Employee and Manager tables.

14. Cross Join with Alias: Retrieve all possible combinations of employees and managers from the Employee and Manager tables, using table aliases.

15. Self Join: Retrieve the employees along with their respective managers by joining the Employee table with itself.

16. Natural Join: Retrieve all the rows from the Employee and Manager tables where the columns with the same name have equal values.

17. Natural Left Join: Retrieve all the rows from the Employee table and matching rows from the Manager table where the columns with the same name have equal values.

18. Natural Right Join: Retrieve all the rows from the Manager table and matching rows from the Employee table where the columns with the same name have equal values.

19. Natural Full Outer Join: Retrieve all the rows from the Employee and Manager tables where the columns with the same name have equal values, including unmatched rows from both tables.

20. Self Left Join: Retrieve the employees along with their respective managers by performing a left join on the Employee table with itself.

21. Self Right Join: Retrieve the employees along with their respective managers by performing a right join on the Employee table with itself.

22. Self Full Outer Join: Retrieve the employees along with their respective managers by performing a full outer join on the Employee table with itself.

23. Cross Apply: Retrieve all the employees along with their corresponding managers by applying a subquery join using the CROSS APPLY operator.

24. Outer Apply: Retrieve all the employees along with their corresponding managers by applying a subquery join using the OUTER APPLY operator.

25. Self Apply: Retrieve the employees along with their respective managers by applying a subquery join on the Employee table with itself using the CROSS APPLY operator.

26. Union: Retrieve a combined list of employee names and manager names without any duplicates from the Employee and Manager tables.

27. Union All: Retrieve a combined list of employee names and manager names, including duplicates, from the Employee and Manager tables.

28. Intersect: Retrieve the common employee names between the Employee and Manager tables.

29. Except: Retrieve the employee names from the Employee table that are not present in the Manager table.

30. Subquery Join: Retrieve all the employees from the Employee table whose manager has a salary higher than 70,000.

These problem descriptions provide an understanding of the purpose and expected results of each query.
